Reverse of a string:
input = sachin has scored his first century
output = nachis sah dcores sih tirsf yenturc
 
 
What is Object, Wrapper, Singleton and Inner Class in java?
Object class in java is a superclass. That means it is at the top in the hierarchy of inheritance.
Some of the important methods in object class is

Difference between collection and classes
Difference between String, StringBuffer, and StringBuilder?
Why String is Immutable and Final?
Why is multiple inheritances not possible in java
What is an inner class
What is thread and explain multithreading
What is method overloading and overriding
What is the difference between final, finally, and finalize
What is the difference between throw and throws
Difference between list and set
Difference between Arraylist and LinkedList
Difference between HashMap and HashSet
Have you used any java design pattern
Difference between interface and abstract class
Difference between Comparable and Comparator
List of gems used in automation
What is a static keyword in java
What are the new features in Java 8
Work on multiple-choice questions
Custom exceptions
Program/Coding
Find a most frequent element in the array and its frequency
Reverse a string using recursion
Program to sum of digit from number
Find duplicate from Array
Find Second largest number from array
Reverse string or sentence
Count the number of character
Reverse numbers
Find missing number
Swap without third variable
Find the longest substring
Find the reverse string using factorial
Reverse string
Palindrome
Reverse String recursively
Write programs to print fibonacci series
Write a program to print Fibonacci series using recursion
Write program for factorial recursively
Print characters from two names alternatively
Find string from a sentence
Find vowel and consonants from sentence
Anagram (Philips)
thread.sleep(-1000); by Battala preeti
Battala preeti
6:35 PM
thread.sleep(-1000);
Last read
Popular Git Commands: -------------------... by Damarla Raviteja
Damarla Raviteja
6:44 PM
Popular Git Commands:
--------------------
 
git init: INitialize a local Git repository.
 
git add/ git add. : add one or more files to staging area.
 
git commit -m "commit message" : commit changes to head but not to the remote repository.
 
git status: check the status of your current repository and list the files you have changed.
 
git log: provides a list of all the commits that made on your branch.
 
git diff: view the changes you made to the file.
 
git push origin<branch name> : Push the branch to the remote repository so that others can use it.
 
git config -global user.name "Roger" : Tell git who you are by configuring the author name.
 
git config -global user.email roger1.@gmail.com : Tell git who you are by configuring the author email id.
 
git clone: creates a git repository copy from a remote repository.
 
git remote add origin <server> : Connect your local repository to the remote server and add the server to be able to push to it.
 
git branch <branch name> : create a new branch.
 
git checkout <branch name> : switch from one branch to another branch.
 
git merge <branch name> : merge a branch into an active branch.
 
git rebase: Reapply commits on top of another base tip.
 
 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
Commonly used commands on Git Bash:
----------------------------------
 
cd ~/ ----- it is used for change directory
 
mkdir  --- it is used to create new folder
 
cd to new folder
 
git init -- it will create local repository
 
create a text file in the repository.
 
Later add that file to the repository by using command -- git add <file name>
 
commit the changes to reflect in local repository --- git commit -m "first commmit"
has context menu